?
intro - 
About - Me/school
Experience - Internship, Work experience, Other stuff I've done?
Projects - Super skies?, alexa skill...?
Resume
Contact

Project ideas:
- bubble popper
- doodle jump
-trump jump (lol)
- color jump: can only jump on color you are (red, blue, yellow) could cause glitches... so idk

-dont hit the ducks
- decision making helper: allows you to list pros and cons and their weights
- Not a monster: platform puzzle game where main character switches from monster types




Intro -
I'm Meagan, a 3rd year Computer Science Major in the College of Engineering at the University of Michigan with interests in front-end and back-end development as well computer security.

 while(GoBlue){
	OhioState--;
}

Contact info

About - 

<p>I'm Meagan, a 3rd year Computer Science Major in the College of Engineering at the University of Michigan with interests in front-end and back-end development as well as computer security.</p>

<h2>Why Computer Science?
I've always been interested in computers, video games, and new technology, yet I didn't decide on Computer Science until after my first year of college. My first coding experience was when I took the required class for all students in the College of Engineering: Engineering 100. This class has many sections, each which cover the basic topic of "What is an engineer?" By the end of the class, everyone completes a big project that is related to the theme of the section. The section I signed up for was Gaming for the Greater Good, which focused on Computer Science. In this class, students were split into groups of 4 to design and develop video games to help children with Autism and later showcase them off. I went into this class with ZERO coding experience, and left the class with a desire to learn more. After taking Engineering 101, an intro coding class on MATLAB and C++, I decided to continue on the track of Computer Science and declared my major.

After my first year of college I was offer

Some things I love:

food, music, dancing (Ballroom Dance Team), movies, "Old school" games, dogs

Classes -


Work Experience - 

Projects -

Resume - 


PennApps
MHacks
HackMIT
YHacks
HackRU
HackNY
